# my-guilt-admitting-to-my-actions
This is my letter admitting.
  I don't really know how to start. My journey started with my interest in coding, cyber-security. It grew strong and it grew fast. Not just that. I had first gotten involved with the fortnite and roblox communities to trade/sell/buy accounts. I would scam because I couldn't afford them. In that I would assume I've stolen around $300 worth of merchandise online. Then eventually it moved up, I owned a server with my bestfriend Lost, we would "sell" things, such as guns, doxing services. The thing is though, we had none of these and did not know how to dox at all. We would do as an attept to make quick money and steal it from vulnerable dumb people. That's when it honestly started going worse for me, I met someone in my server. His name was "Cmd", or "Kt/Cain". He introduced me to what would become my journey of cyber-crime. I met decrypt/convicted. I had no idea what "com" was, what "anti-extortion" was. No knowledge at all. We made a group called Crypt, in my head it was just doxing and getting pedophiles & sextorters arrested. I didn't understand it fully. That's when they made Lurid, I thought it was another group with similar morals, but then they started going "lets get a cutsign" and I didn't know what to say, I said yes simply because I wanted to be involved, I liked being involved, so they got a girl who would later make it. My name wasn't included, I just cheered it on. I had no idea it was like that until later on. That's when another member "H3x" and "Sudo/$udo" showed me their coding skills, now I loved what they could do. They made tools that were able to find people with one search, that really interested me, so I looked into coding, cyber-security. I was extremely interested, and eventually became pretty good at it. But you can't go down a path like that innocent, u meet bad people. And I did, I made more groups, became more prominent, a big name. I doxed and helped arrest a ton of bad people. Without realizing I was just as bad. Every single day I hated myself for it, I wanted to die. Where my downfall starts is mid 2025. Me and some friends make a group called "Scare" or "scare.sh" an AE/AP doxing group. It was the 2nd best group ever in Anti-extortion, and I was so damn proud to make a difference. That's when they backdoored me... Tried doxing me because of a girl I was dating "SVN" was an extorter.. They kicked me, jsut my public IP address. I was doxed, harrassed, FBI came to my house and called my mom. And that upset me, I stopped caring about everyone, stopped caring about my own life. I switched sides (I never extorted). I did so many bad things though, even though I wasn't the worst. I BECAME KNOWN IN THAT COMMUNITY. It made me just wanna die, just for being involved. I tried multiple times to take my own life, none would fucking work. I just wanted help, I wanted to be seen, recognzied for my help. I just wanted to be fucking loved but nobody could fucking love me, everybody always has to fucking judge me and hate me. I don't know what I did wrong to deserve this bro. I really don't. I just wanna kill myself bro. And I know that time will come where teh FBI comes back to re-involve themself. But I can't stay away, I wanna make tools that can do great powerful things, I wanna try to help people if I can. Even if my ego is bad, I'm a good person and will try my damn hardest to protect somebody against people like I was before. I'm so hurt and sick. I'm disgusting and I deserve this feeling, I don't deserve to go to heaven. But now I made my group Judgement, which has helped arrests, doxed bad people that wanna hurt good people, I just wanna be a good person bro. I have good morals... I just want some help and comfort. I don't want to go to prison or ruin my life over this dumb choice. I want to be a nurse and join the military and have a life bro. Com is such a drug it hurts me so badly..
